OSDOCS-5239: Documented AWS LZ IP auto creation of subnets (#60771)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/install-creating-install-config-aws-local-zones-subnets.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * installing/installing_aws/installing-aws-localzone.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="install-creating-install-config-aws-local-zones-subnets_{context}"]

> = Modifying an installation configuration file to use AWS Local Zones subnets

Author: Well spotted and updated throughout.

Modify an `install-config.yaml` file to include AWS Local Zones subnets.

.Prerequisites

* You created subnets by using the procedure "Creating a subnet in AWS Local Zones".
* You created an `install-config.yaml` file by using the procedure "Creating the installation configuration file".

.Procedure

> * Add the VPC and Local Zone subnets as the values of the `platform.aws.subnets` property. As an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add the VPC and Local Zone subnets as the values of the `platform.aws.subnets` property, as in the following example:
```

Reviewer: A complete sentence is needed for introductory text: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=punctuation-colons#introductory-text

+
[source,yaml]
----
...
platform:
  aws:
    region: us-west-2
    subnets: <1>
    - publicSubnetId-1
    - publicSubnetId-2
    - publicSubnetId-3
    - privateSubnetId-1
    - privateSubnetId-2
    - privateSubnetId-3
    - publicSubnetId-LocalZone-1
...
----

> <1> List of subnets created in the Availability and Local Zones.

Reviewer 2: It would be nice to add the `Next Steps` here pointing to `Deploying the cluster` (although it is already the next section) =)

Author: Makes sense to be consistent with the other installation path. 

:heavy_check_mark:
